## Why I was dissapointed by Golang
Never tried to post a programming blog in instagram , let's see how it goes.
So some background, I am a seniour Java develop who mostly work with Spring based stack. Almost a half a year ago I was influenced by the hipe around programming language from Google called "Golang". So I decided to learn it(some learning tips, official documentation is good enough , to get familiar with logic structuring take a look at the book "Efficient Go" ). After writing some programs(LSM tree based dtabase, terminal editor , git clone and many more, check out my git profile) I can surely say that GoLang is weird. Here are my points
1. The syntax is strange. The main tagline of a Golang is simplicity and minimalism. So the syntax itself looks like good old C with build in maps , dynamic arrays and concurrency. However I can't get why there are so many ways to declare a variable. For example 	`var name string = "almas"`, the same can be written as `name:="almas"`, moreover if you want to reassigne the value you can't use this weird sign `:=` you have to use an equal sign(name = "new name"). Why it was done this way ? No idea but for sure it's supper confusing. As Golang is strongly types language I would prefer the first version because you explicitly write a type, however this option is not popular when you want to assign method call to variable and method returns multiple values
2. `gopls` is immature. `gopls` is an official language server for Golang(the thing that gives you syntax highliting). Honestly, I am really spoiled by intelligence support from Intellij IDEA for Java. What's is wrong with `gopls` ? First, you have to open your project from the root directory ,otherwise gopls doesn't understand that it's a Go project(really annoying when I work within a VIM), second, the debugger doesn't work with structure(thing about it as Java classes)variables(only pointers to structs) which mean you can't open debugger, evaluate some sturct methods and get an output to see how it behave
3. Collection framework. Again, I am spoiled by choices we have in Java world. Do You need a hash based map, here is your `HashMap`, you want map elements it to be sorted by keys, `TreeMap` is here, need a map sorted by keys with thread safety guarantee , sure thing ,just use `ConcurrentSkipList`. What about Go ? Well we have a build in HashMap and ArrayList. And... that's basically it. Even when you need a Heap data structure Golang gives you an interface which you have to implement by yourself. The Golang architects justify this design with a fact that writing these DataStructures is easy using an existing Map and List. But let's be honest, when I write a business logic, the last thing I want to do is to implement my own Set(yes Golang doesn't even have Sets)
4. `go` keyword is controversial. If you want to execute method in a new Goroutine(runtime based threads) you can write something like this `go method()`. Some people like it because you literally don't care about how it works internally , just type go and you are good to go. In Java I get used to do the same thing with ThreadPools `threadPool.submit(method())`. Why the later one is better? You can easily decorate this or any othter thread pool and then track metrics, how many threads are working , how many tasks are waiting on the queue. What is an average execution time, you can't do these things using `go` keyword
5. No strict separation. In Java world, single file contains a single peace of Logic. `UserService`,`HttpClient`,`DataSource`. You don't have to go inside in order to understand what kind of logic these files have. What about go ? Go gives you a total freedom. let's say there is a file `database.go`, it can contain structures to fetch database rows, logic to work with these structs , and whatever developers decide to put there. Maybe it's just me, but when I read someone's go code it makes it unbelivably difficult. I still thing language architecture has to be strict so developers have only one option to do a single thing(consistency between companies and consiquently a faster learning curve of new projects)
6. No Generics, and don't tell me about an experimental support. I don't know why, Golang is relativly young language, why architects decided to exclude generics as a language feature when it was obvious from an experience of other languages that generics are important part that simply code base
7. Please give me a `private` keyword. In Golang, when you have a struct with fields, all these fields are private if they start from lower case, otherwise they are considered to by public and you can access them from different packages. Just an example, Golang can convert struct to json nativly, however, all private fields are not included into a final json schema. And everytime I am doing it , it takes me forever to recall that it's because a private nature of these fields(I know , my stupid head can't keep this information for a long, having `private` keyword in front of a field makes it easier to recall)

But all these things are outperformed by single fact, Golang community. I have never seen a community such friendly and mature as in Golang. All Golang threads I met are really clear, people are making a dozen open source projects and publish them in Github, you literally can find a solution for anything you want ,just some googling. As an example, I was writing a small terminal TUI(terminal user interface) to simplify Rest endpoints testing using `curl`,you won't forget, but after all these years, nobody in Java community wrote a library that makes TUI. The only one I found is immature and poor documentated, moreover it had bugs so I had to contribute and fix them to make my program working. So in conclusion I feel in love with Golang community even though I as for young language Golang as a poorly designed 

