## Search engines are becoming useless
My default search engine is DuckDuckGo(DDG). I have been using it for over a year now
and I can definitly say it's usefull. But today's topic is not about
Google vs DDG. Let's start from the history. Back in the free internet days people were using search engine to find other people's sites, remember these purely written web pages with small logos on top left corner and some text with a background image that makes it harder to read(god I miss these sites). Google was really good back then to help you find something usefull. Have a question on how to reinstall Windows ? Sure here is the forum and bunch of blogs written by nerds like you. Want to have a recepy of a Stake, here is the link of a cheff who makes a 
homemade stakes with pure camera but great details. It was awesome.

What happens now ? Recently I was trying to read few articles on stock investment, some regular information on how stock market works and how to create your own strategy. You know what search engine gave me ? A bunch of scam websites that promise you to become rich in few month, articles written by New York times on why USA had a economic crysis, and bunch of facebook groups that advertise stocks from specific area. Well , I mean , thank you but that's not what I want. I want an information, not advertisement,not a facebook , not even a New Yourk Times news. The problem here is something called Search Engine Optimization(SEO) , a cool word nowadays. You can even put it in your CV, senior SEO expert, but what it basically means is just a bunch of meta tags in html page(Those are not standartized because people have no clue how google is actually scans your website, so everything you see related to SEO is nothing but a guess). Let's be honest, companies like Facebook and New Yourk Times knows how to optimize their pages for google parsers, but a person who probably wrote a small blog on his/her experience with stocks probably doesn't. A person whose blog I want to read but can't because Google doesn't care about those kind of people. 
