## My favorite movie ganra
Once, I was talking to a friend of mine from movie industry. 
What I understood is people like her enjoy watching films about day to day problems. Relationships between retired father and busy bee daugther who doesn't have a time for interactions with human beings. A girl with low paid job with a dream of becoming a writer. The hard life of immigrants with no friends in a new society.
Those are great topics to think about, to see how people are dealing with their problems , but it's not something I always enjoy watching.
So what do I consider as the best movie Ganra ? For someone's surprise it's a Documentaries. Not something you are watching on BBC or any other popular movie channels sponsorod by government or any advertisment companies. No. I am talking about indie documentaries made by people for no profit that cover topics you don't think about. As an example , I recently watched a documentary made by Youtube Channel called "TheCubicle". It a Speedcubing documentary on why people enjoy it and how they made a small community of people who once a year gather together to determine who is the fastest speedcuber in the world. Another great example is "THE WHY | Running 100 Miles" , a documentary about  Billy Yang on his journey for his first 100 Miles marathon. Training, friendship, obstacles, he basically covers his entire journey. If the ending won't make you cry I don't believe that anything can xD.
Those are a simple stories of people. People who do not invent a cure for cancer, CEO who made a billion of dollars from a startup. I probably won't learn anything from these documentaries. But I do enjoy the process. Simple people with simple goals talking about their journeys. I think that's my mantra.
